scRNA-Seq Gene Expression Endpoints - Data Analysis API doc (#463)
NCI-GDC/gdc-docs: docs/API/Users_Guide/Data_Analysis.md

    cnv	ssm	7cada85b-00b1-41e5-9924-e09eb077ad56	1e6f552a-78ed-5ce7-bef9-a55670c979db
    ```

## scRNA-Seq Gene Expression Endpoints

> This endpoint retrieves gene expression data for a specified case or file, returning information about gene expression across various cell IDs. It requires specifying either a `case_id` or `file_id`, but not both, and a list of gene IDs. Up to 10 gene IDs can be queried per request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This endpoint retrieves gene expression data for a specified case or file, returning normalized gene expression values across cell IDs. It requires specifying either a `case_id` or `file_id`, but not both, and a list of gene IDs. The `file_id` must correspond to a file in `HDF5` format and up to 10 gene IDs can be queried per request.  The gene expression values come from the `matrix` layer of the `HDF5` file.  
```

Reviewer: @lmogil Would users understand if I used this sentence: 

The gene expression values come from the `matrix` layer of the `HDF5` file.

I based this on the Slack conversation, but I'm not sure if this points users directly to the source of the data.

Reviewer 2: I would adjust the sentence as follows to ensure users understand which layer the data is coming from. This will allow them to find the values more explicitly themselves in the loom file, should they want to. 
"The gene expression values come from the main matrix '/matrix' layer of the HDF5 file."

Author: added

> The request must adhere to authorization requirements if accessing protected data, using an authentication token (`X-Auth-Token`) acquired from the user profile after logging in at the [GDC Portal](https://portal.gdc.cancer.gov/). The `X-Auth-Token` header is optional and only needed for accessing restricted datasets.

Reviewer: I think we can remove this, the HDF5 files are all open-access.  I'm not sure if we'll ever have controlled data here.  (Something to think about later:  will the portal tool need to be modified if we do?).

Author: removed info about the X-Auth-Token
